There are three type of function in this editor:
1. Dialog
2. Command
3. Choices




DIALOG
------------
Timun Emas
Pada jaman dahulu kala di kerajaan indomie, hiduplah timun yang berbuah manusia. Seorang nenek menemukan timun dan bermaksud memasaknya, namun muncul anak bayi yang kelihatan enak.
Karena anak bayi tu sangat lucu dan lezat, nenek bingung dan meletakkannya di bawah pohon.
"Apa yang harus kulakukan pada anak ini?" gumam nenek kebingungan.
------------
Write anything you want and it will turn into text in dialog box. Every line break will replace the previous text with current line.



COMMAND
------------
scene: firstscene
image: plane
bgm: japanese
image: wood
------------
Command started with command name and then double dot ":"
It execute specific function like change image background, change BGM etc




LIST OF COMMAND
------------
Scene: scene name
Declare the name of scene.

image: image file name
Load image by image name

bgm: audio file name
Load BGM by audio file name
write "bgm: none" to stop BGM

se: audio file name
load SE by audio file name

jump: scene name
Jump to specific scene

get: item name
get item. The item will be used in conditional scenario using command "req"

req: item name : destination scene when true : destination scene when false
You can also use multiple items as condition,
req: item name 1, item name 2, item name 3 : destination scene when true : destination scene when false
conditional function to jump to certain scene when all required item collected.
------------





CHOICES
------------
choices:
ambil anak itu dan dimasak: Mau Dimasak
Buang ke panti: Mau dibawa panti
------------
write "choices:" to indicate that program will enter choices function.
The you can write the choices, using this format,
choices text : destination scene
destination scene contain the scene name declared by command "scene:". The game will jump to the specific destination scene when user pick this choice. Maximum number of choices is 6 and minimum is 2.